Just like we did when we were configuring our Spring
Java configured enable application, I went ahead and closed everything,
and I actually opened up our original conference app just
so can look at it and reference it, although,
that really doesn't matter because we're going to copy this
and open up the XML- configured app anyway.
So I've closed all the files down, got it down to just the basic desktop,
and I'm going to switch over to my workspace.
Now I'm going to take our conference app,
not our conference-java, but our conference app,
Copy, and Paste that, and I'm going to call mine conference-xml,
and enter that.
I'm going to switch back to my IDE, and now I want to go to File,
Open, and I want to navigate down to my workspace,
and open up the conference-xml project.
And I'm going to choose this window to replace the contents that we had there.
And now we have our basic project structure up and ready to go.
We'll go ahead and run it, making sure that everything is set up the right way.
I want to navigate down to my source, main,
java, Application, and right-click, and say Run Application.main.
Let's make sure that everything still finishes and
completes exactly how we expect it to, and it does.
Now this, again,
should be the basic project that didn't have any of
your Java configuration in there.
I can't stress that enough.
We don't want to try and mix the Java configuration with the XML configuration.
So our Application.java file should be just this hard-coded SpeakerService,
creating a new SpeakerServiceImpl.
It has the System.out .println in there for just the original find.
Our model and service are all pretty basic,
a repository, in fact,
our SpeakerServiceImpl should have that hard-coded
HibernateSpeakerRepositoryImpl in here.
That's what we're going to do with the XML configuration now
just like we did with the Java configuration.
Now I can't stress enough,
I am going to show you a couple techniques with XML and
their equivalent in the Java configuration as we do this to
help compare and contrast it.
So if you think we're just going to cover XML, we're not.
We're going to go through some Java configuration techniques
as well to show you how they compare to one another and the power of one over the other.